NUST Sahar Accounts	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Main
			
Is NUST Bank offering any account specifically for Women?			
 - Yes! NUST Bank Offers NUST Sahar Account. 			
 - Female Individual Resident Pakistanis can open the account offered under NUST Sahar Banking.			
What is the account type of NUST Sahar Account?			
NUST Sahar Deposit suite consists of following variants: 			
1- NUST Sahar Current Account			
2-NUST Sahar Savings Account			
3-NUST Sahar Term Deposits			
"4-NUST Sahar Asaan Current Account



"			
 What are the free facilities NUST is offering on NUST Sahar Current Account ?			
·        First Cheque Book 			
·        First Debit Card Issuance*			
·        50% Discount on first year Locker Rental (subject to locker availability)			
.       Bankers Cheque Issuance			
.       Inter Branch Online Cash Withdrawal/ Deposit (Online)			
.        Internal Fund Transfer within NUST via branch (Online Transfer)			
·        SMS Alerts on all banking Transactions			
·       I-Net and Mobile Banking			
·        E-statement Facility and much more			
*Subsequent Charges/Annual Fees would be as per prevailing Schedule of Charges			
Can we open this account online?			
·        Digital account opening facility available with account opening within 48 hours			
Does the bank offer option of Term Deposits with this account. 			
·        Yes, Option to book exclusive NUST Sahar Term Deposits from NUST Sahar Current Account at attractive rates is available.			
Is there a Minimum balance requirement for NUST Sahar Current Account 			
·        No minimum average balance requirement for account maintenance			
What is the profit payment system for NUST Sahar Savings Account ?			
·        Monthly Profit Payment			
·        Profit calculation on Monthly Average Balance			
What are the free services offered on NUST Sahar Savings Account?			
·        First Debit Card Issuance*			
·       SMS Alerts on Digital Transactions			
·       I-Net Banking			
.        Internal Fund Transfer within NUST via branch (Online Transfer)			
.        Inter Branch Online Cash Withdrawal/ Deposit (Online)			
·        E-statement Facility			
·        Debit card and Cheque book delivery at customer address & activation via Contact Centre 			
*Subsequent Charges/Annual Fees would be as per prevailing Schedule of Charges			
What are the main features of NUST Sahar Term Deposit ?			
·        Flexibility to choose from multiple tenure: 1, 3 or 5 Years			
·        Investments starts from as low as Rs. 50,000/-			
·        Monthly Profit Payment in your NUST Sahar Current Account			
·        Roll-over option available			
Note: Deals to be booked from NUST Sahar Current Account Only 			
What is the Premature Encashment Penalty on NUST Sahar Term Deposit ?			
 - The encashment of NUST Sahar Term Deposit before maturity will be subject to premature encashment penalty as below: 			
  - Principal amount x 1.5% per annum on the remaining period of the Term Deposits			
(for e.g., deal booked for 5 years matured after 2 years – penalty/charges will be 4.5% x Principal Amount)			
 - Minimum penalty/charges are 1.5% of the principal amount. The penalty amount will be to the extent of profit paid/payable only			
https://NUSTbank.com/NUSTUploads/uploads/SOC-Conv-English.pdf			
What is the initial deposit requirement of NUST Sahar Asaan Current Account?			
  - Rs. 100 only			
What are the main features of NUST Sahar Asaan Current Account ?			
 - Simplified Account Opening with single pager Account Opening form & CNIC			
 - Cheque Book Issuance			
 - Free PayPak Debit Card Issuance			
 Is there any Transaction Limitation for NUST Sahar Asaan Current Account ?			
 - Monthly withdrawal limits up to Rs. 1,000,000			
 - Total Credit Balance Limit of up to Rs. 1,000,000			
 - Cross border (outward) transactions shall not be allowed except in case of international transactions carried out through debit cards			
What are the free services offered on NUST Sahar Asaan Current Account ?			
 - Free Inter Branch Online Cash Deposit/Withdrawal (Online)			
 - Free Internal Fund Transfer within NUST via branch (Online Transfer)			
 - Free Banker’s Cheque Issuance			
 - Free I-Net Banking			
 - Free E-statement			
 - Free SMS Alerts on digital transactions			
