NUST Imarat Finance	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Main
													
Is NUST Bank offering any financing specifically for the ownership & capacity enhancement of business premises?													
"NUST Bank has structured a new financing product “NUST Imarat Finance” under the ambit of SME segment. The Product Program has been developed in order to stabilize SME business through making their ownership of business premises (under mortgage finance of urban commercial / industrial buildings) for capacity enhancement of SMEs.The product has been structured for SMEs owned by general public as well as retired armed forces officers and families of serving officers.  
"													
For which purpose NUST Imarat Finance is being offered?													
"AIF 1:   Acquisition / Purchase of urban commercial / industrial construted property/ office and commercial premises for commercial / business activity
AIF 2:   Construction on self owned urban commercial / Industrial plot
AIF 3:   Additional construction on already built urban commercial/ industrial plaza/building
AIF 4:   Renovation of self owned urban commercial /industrial property/Plaza/ business premises"													
What are the Loan Limits of NUST Imarat Finance?													
"AIF 1:   Mininum Rs. 5.00 M & Maximum Rs. 100M 
AIF 2:   Mininum Rs. 5.00 M & Maximum Rs. 50M 
AIF 3:   Maximum Rs. 30M or upto 30% of FSV of offered property, whichever is lower
AIF 4:   Maximum Rs. 5M or upto 25% of FSV of offered property, whichever is lower"													
What is the maximum tenure of NUST Imarat Finance?													
AIF 1:  Maximum 10 Years (Grace Period upto 6 months)													
AIF 2:  Maximum 10 Years(Grace Period upto 9 months)													
AIF 3:  Maximum 8 Years (Grace Period upto 6 months)													
AIF 4:  Maximum 03 Years (Grace Period upto 3 months)													
(markup to be recovered during grace period)													
Does the bank require any Equity for this scheme?													
"AIF 1 & AIF 2: Minimum 30%  (Existing business) & Minimum 40% (New Business)
AIF 3 & AIF 4 : Nil for Existing business & Minimum 25% (New Business)"													
Is there any minimum age to avail financing in NUST Imarat Finance?													
"New Business
Minimum 30 years at the time of application, however age not to exceed 60 years at maturity of loan.  
"						" Existing Business 
Minimum 30 years at the time of application however age not to exceed 65 years at maturity of loan. 
"							
Any mandatory qualification/experience required?													
"Specifically for New Business: 
i)	Only Professionals i.e. Chartered Accountants, Doctors, Engineers, IT Professionals, and consultants etc, with minimum 02 years professional experience. 
ii)	Retired professionals from armed forces and families of serving armed forces officers"													
*No Professional Qualification Required for existing business													
What is the current Mark-up rate of NUST Imarat Finance?													
"General Regular SME’s 
End-user Rate: 12MK+4% p.a. (to be reviewed on annual basis)"						"SME’s Backed By Armed Forces
End-user Rate: 12MK+2.5 p.a. (to be reviewed on annual basis)"							
Is there any business age requirement?													
Existing Business Minimum 03 year operating history of business													
What should be the legal structure of business for availing  NUST Imarat Finance?													
Sole Proprietor, Partnership Firm(registered), Private Limited Company, Limited Company													
What is the security requirement for availing NUST Imarat Finance?													
"i.	Effective Mortgage (Equitable / or token registered) to be created on same urban Commercial / Industrial property which has been financed
ii.	03 post dated cheques of the full loan amount plus markup
iii.	Personal Guarantees from borrowers, all partners and directors of the companies alongwith “Personal Net worth Statement”.
iv.	Fard based property to be registered equivalent to the full loan amount"													
What is the repayment frequency in NUST Imarat Finance?													
Monthly/Quarterly													
Is there any condition related to bank account maintenance for availing NUST Imarat Finance?													
"Minimum 01 year bank account statement with NUST
                                       Or
Minimum 02 years bank statement with any other bank     "													
Is there any penalty charges related to Premature termination/balloon payment penalties?													
Mode of Pre-Mature termination			General Category					Armed Forces Category					
 i. In case entire outstanding loan is adjusted within 03 years of first disbursement			At 3% of the total outstanding loan amount					At 2% of the total outstanding loan amount					
ii. In case entire outstanding loan is adjusted after 03 years			At 2% of the total outstanding loan amount					At 1% of the total outstanding loan amount					
iii. Balloon Payment			Balloon Payment upto 20% of loan outstanding amount is allowed once in each year without penalty. Adjustment of over and above 20% will be charged @ 2% of balloon payment Amount					"Balloon payment upto 30% of loan outstanding amount is allowed once in each year without penalty. 
Adjustment of over and above 30% will be charged @1% of balloon payment amount"					
*Premature termination penalty will not be applicable in case of renovation													
What are the processing charges for NUST Imarat Finance Application?													
Rs 30,000/- or 0.2% of loan amount whichever is higher (Non-refundable)													
Are there any late payment charges?													
Rs. 3,000/- per installment													
What are the service/documentation/legal charges in NUST Imarat Finance?													
At actual													
What are the valuation/BOQ charges?													
At actual													
