NUST Ujala Finance	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Main
													
Is NUST Bank offering any financing product related to renewable/alternate energy solutions?													
NUST Bank has structured a new financing product under the name of “NUST Ujala Finance (NUST Ujala Finance)” in light of SBP’s refinance scheme, under the ambit of SME. The Product Program has been developed to provide financing for installation of solar energy equipment as an alternate source of energy. 													
who can apply for NUST Ujala Finance?													
"1. 	SE/ME Financing 
2. 	Vendor’s / Suppliers’ Financing 
3. 	NUST Employees’ Financing   
4. 	Domestic Applicant Financing (exclusively for employees of corporate / government sector)"													
Is there any minimum age to avail financing in NUST Ujala Finance?													
"SE/ME Financing:  Between 25-55 years at the time of application. (Any one partner/ director should meet age criteria)
Vendors/Suppliers: Between 25-55 years at the time of application. (Any one partner/ director should meet age criteria)
NUST Employees’ Financing: No age limit   
Domestic Applicant Financing: Between 25-55 years at the time of application. (Any one borrower or co-borrower should meet criteria)"													
For which purposes NUST Ujala Finance is being offered?													
SME, NUST Employees and Domestic: Energy generation for own use or for supply to the distribution company / NEPRA 						Vendors/Suppliers: Onward leasing of renewable energy equipment / deferred payment sales / rental basis or sale of electricity to ultimate users							
Capacity allowed under NUST Ujala Finance? 													
"i. Business Enterprise : SE from 10 KW to 200KW, ME from 30 KW to 500KW
ii. Domestic Borrowers from 5 KW to 30KW
iii. NUST employees : upto 30 KW.
Iv. Vendors/Suppliers: from 30 KW to 500KW"													
Loan Amount that can be availed under NUST Ujala Finance?													
"i. Small Enterprise –  upto  Rs. 15 M
ii. Medium Enterprise – upto Rs. 25M
iii. Domestic users    - from Rs. 0.5M to Rs. 3.0M
iv. NUST employees: - upto Rs. 3.00M
v. Vendors/Suppliers:: From Rs. 5M to 25 Million – (Single Vendor)"													
What is the current Mark-up rate of NUST Ujala Finance?													
"6 % per annum for all
*Markup at 12M Kibor + 4% Per Annum to be charged till refinance claim reimbursed by SBP."													
What is the maximum tenure for NUST Ujala Finance?													
"i. SE/ME borrowers:   05 years, inclusive of grace period of 03 months.
ii. Domestic : 05 years inclusive of grace period of 03 months.
iii. NUST employees : 10 years or as per remaining service period (whichever is lesser), inclusive of grace period of 03 months. 
iv. Vendors/Suppliers:  05 years inclusive of grace period of 06 months"													
What is the repayment frequency in NUST Ujala Finance?													
"SE/ME Borrowers       :  Monthly  / Quarterly
Domestic Borrower   :  Monthly 
NUST employees         : Monthly 
Vendors/Suppliers     : Quarterly/Half Yearly (as per borrower’s cash flow)"													
What are the processing charges for NUST Ujala Finance Application?													
SE/ME/Vendor/Supplier						Rs: 6000/- or @0.5% of loan whichever is higher							
Domestic Borrower						Rs: 5000/-							
NUST Employees						No Processing Fee							
Is there any late payment charges?													
In case of delay of installment, commercial rate will be charges on overdue days.													
What are the service/documentation/legal charges in NUST Ujala Finance?													
At actual													
What are the insurance charges?													
At actual													
