NUST Flour Mill Finance	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Main
													
Is NUST Bank offering any seasonal financing?													
"Seasonal finance product ""NUST Flour Mill Finance” has been structured through for quick financing under program-based lending. The product has been designed for Flour Mills in order to meet their working capital needs. NUST Flour Mill Finance caters to meet seasonal financing needs of wheat procurement and other overhead expenses to flour mills. The scope of product is to target flour mills which fall under category of SME."													
For which purposes NUST Flour Mill Finance is being offered?													
"Cash Finance (CF)
To meet working capital requirements of flour mill business for procurement of wheat as per milling capacity"						"Running Finance (RF)
To meet working capital requirements i.e. transportation, salary & wages, utility and other administrative expenses etc. (Procurement of wheat through RF funds is restricted) "							
What are the Loan Limits of NUST Flour Mill Finance?													
Per party (single entity) can avail up to Rs. 75M for ME and Rs. 25M for SE													
Is there any minimum age to avail financing in NUST Flour Mill Finance?													
Age of borrower (in case of sole-proprietorship) must be minimum 20 years, however age not to exceed 65 years at the time of application. This age can be relaxed in case of effective succession planning for business operations.													
* This criteria is not applicable , if business concern is a partnership or limited company													
What is the maximum tenure of NUST Flour Mill Finance?													
Maximum 1 year as per clean-up corridors													
What is the current Mark-up rate of NUST Flour Mill Finance?													
"Cash Finance
3 Months average KIBOR + 3% p.a."						"Running Finance
3 Months average KIBOR + 3.5% p.a."							
(reviewed/revised on quarterly basis)													
Any Account turnover requirement for NUST Flour Mill Finance?													
Minimum 50% of applicant’s sales to be documented through account turnover with bank(s). 													
What are the processing charges for NUST Flour Mill Finance Application?													
Processing fee will be charged @ 0.15% of total limit(s) processed/approved or Rs. 25,000/- whichever is higher													
What are the service/documentation/legal charges in NUST Flour Mill Finance?													
At actual													
What are the insurance charges?													
At actual													
