Unnamed: 0	NUST Bank Mastercard 	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Unnamed: 13	Unnamed: 14	Main
															
	1.Who can apply for NUST Credit Card Facility?														
	Salaried Individuals														
	Self Employed Businessman/Woman (SEB)														
	Self Employed Professionals (SEP)														
	Specially Abled Persons/Visually Impaired Person/Persons with Disabilities (PWD), Women.														
	Individuals having verifiable source of income can apply for NUST Mastercard Credit Card.														
	2.What is the minimum age for applying NUST Mastercard Credit Card?														
	Minimum 21 years old & Pakistani resident, can apply for NUST MasterCard Credit Card.														
	3. What is the maximum age for applying NUST Mastercard Credit Card?														
	Salaried (Permanent):  60 years														
	Salaried (Contractual)/ Pensioners/SEB/SEP:  65 years														
	4.Can overseas Pakistanis obtain Credit Card facility from NUST?														
	Yes. The individuals maintaining FC account with NUST, Remittances/ Roshan Digital Account holders/ 														
	Holders of Naya Pakistan Certificates can apply for NUST MasterCard Credit Cards on lien basis.														
	Note: Facility can only be allowed in case of FC joint account maintaining with NUST (one person should be residing in Pakistan).														
	5. What is the minimum and maximum financing amount?														
	Clean facility, Minimum Rs. 30,000/- and maximum up to 3.0 Million or as per 40% Debt Burden Ratio subject to SBP PRs.														
	6. What would be the financing tenure?														
	NUST Credit Card is an Evergreen facility & renewable after expiry of credit card.														
	7. What is the minimum monthly income criterion?														
	GOP / Semi Govt. / Autonomous Bodies etc: Permanent, Rs. 35,000/- Contractual, Rs. 45,000/- 														
	Approved Company: Permanent, Rs. 40,000/- Contractual, Rs. 60,000/-														
	Non-Approved(Salary account with NUST): Rs. 70,000/- Contractual, Rs. 80,000/-														
	8. In which area of the country one can avail Credit Card facility?														
	Credit Card can be availed from all cities / Areas without discrimination														
	9. What is the Application processing time?														
	The processing time of Credit Card facility is 10 working days form login till approval subject to complete application with required documentation														
	10. What are the Application Processing Charges?														
	Processing Charges will be as per prevailing Bank’s Schedule of Charges (SOC).														
	11. What happens if I fail to fulfil your payment obligations?														
	In case of overdue / default, recovery department of NUST will contact you, your loan related details will be reported to Credit Bureau. Late payment and cheque return charges may also be applicable as per prevailing schedule of charges. Legal proceeding may also be initiated by the Bank.														
	12. How will I get update of my Credit Card Application?														
	You can visit/ call or send email at our Customer Services centre(s) as well. Services centre(s) as well. 														
	Email Address:   CustomerServices@NUSTbank.com.pk														
	13. Is there a limit to international Spending?														
	As per SBP directives i.e. Nov 1, 2022 industry-wide annual maximum limit of USD 30,000/- per individual on card-based 														
	(debit/credit and virtual cards) cross-border transactions														
	"It is the primary responsibility of a customer to ensure that his/her annual limit is not breached at any time. In order to avoid any inconvenience, you are requested to please restrict your international spending within the defined limit. Cross-border commercial payments through cards issued to individuals are not permissible.
Note: NUST Bank has the right to reject any application as per Bank’s criteria. "														
