Little Champs Account 	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3
			
I would like to open an account with my son, do u have any product for kids?			Main
Yes our product is Little Champs Account. It is designed specifically for minors (individuals below the age of 18 years). A child requires the help of a parental/legal guardian to open this account and avail its facilities. Little Champs get a Debit Card and chequebook which is free the first time 			
What are the main Features  of the Little Champs Account.			
Minimum initial deposit of Rs.100/-	Little Champs Savings A/C		
Free first chequebook*	Profit Payment	Profit Rate	
Free debit card* (annual/replacement fees apply). This debit card has the following limits	Semi-Annually	0.19	
Daily funds Transfer Limit:     Rs.100,000/-			
Daily ATM Withdrawal Limit:  Rs.25,000/-			
Daily POS Limit:                     Rs.50,000/-			
* For Current Account only			
What other Value added features does the Little Champs Account have?			
Attractive returns on savings account			
SMS alert service on digital transactions			
I Net banking services			
Free education insurance plan – Rs.5,000/- per month for 5 years on savings account & Rs.10,000 per month for 5 years on current account in case of death of the guardian			
What is the account type of Little Champs Account is it saving or current ?			
This account is offered both in current and savings categories			
How can the minor operate this account?			
This account is opened in the name of the minor. However, a minor needs a guardian’s help to avail the account’s facilities			
A minor can use the account any time – which means he or she can make deposits or take money out at any time with the guardian’s help.			
What documents are required to open a Little Champs Account.			
·        A photocopy of Form-B, Birth Certificate or Student ID card (as appropriate) of the minor			
·        A photocopy of any one of the following valid identity documents of the guardian of the minor:			
1.      Computerized National Identity Card (CNIC) issued by NADRA			
2.      National Identity Card for Overseas Pakistani (NICOP) issued by NADRA			
3.      Pakistan Origin Card (POC) issued by NADRA			
4.      Alien Registration Card (ARC) issued by National Aliens Registration Authority (NARA), Ministry of Interior (local currency account only)			
5.      Passport, with a valid visa or any other proof of legal stay along with passport (foreign national individuals only)			
6.   Source of income of guardian			
