NUST Hunarmand Finance 	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Main
													
Is there any business loan product offered by NUST for families of armed forces and retired officers of the armed forces?													
"NUST Hunarmand Finance is a sub product of PMYB&ALS which is structured with an objective to provide business opportunity to specific target market.
•	Retired commissioned, junior commissioned, non-commissioned officers of the armed forces and their family members i.e. spouse and children
•	Spouse and children of serving commissioned, junior commissioned and non-commissioned officers of armed forces."													
For which purposes NUST Hunarmand Finance is being offered?													
"•	To start new business 
•	To expand existing business"													
Nature of loan allowed in NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
"•	Long term / Development Loans
•	Working capital / Production Loans"													
What are the Loan Limits of NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
"Tier 2
 Above Rs. 0.5M and up to Rs 1.5M"						"Tier 3
   Above Rs 1.5 M and up to Rs 7.5M"							
Is there any minimum age to avail financing in NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
All Pakistanis aged between 21 and 45 are eligible to apply, however for IT/E-Commerce related businesses, the lower age limit will be 18 years													
What is the maximum tenure in NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
Long Term Loan:  Maximum 8 Years (Maximum 1 Year Grace Period)													
Working Capital Loan:  Maximum 05 Years (Maximum 2 Year Grace Period)													
*Markup will be recovered during grace period													
What is the current Mark-up rate of NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
"Tier 2
4.5% per annum"						"Tier 3
   6.5 % per annum"							
Does the bank require any Equity for this scheme?													
"Tier 2
10% (New Business)"			"Tier 3
   20% (New Business)"					In case of existing business, equity is not required					
What is the repayment frequency in NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
Repayment of AHF loans will be made in the form of “monthly or quarterly Instalments (or as per SBP’s directives)													
What is the security requirement for availing NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
"i.	Personal guarantee of borrower for loans up to 1.5M, and direct debit authority of borrower/pensioner/guarantor to be obtained
ii.	For loans above 1.5M, it shall be secured against movable as well as immovable assets of borrowers as defined under PMYB&ALs
iii.	Guarantee of serving officer of armed forces in case of his family (spouse or children) avail loan under this program."													
Are there any late payment charges?													
Late payment charges PKR 1,000/- plus FED will be charges after 30th day of installment overdue.													
What are the charges applicable for NUST Hunarmand Finance?													
Applicable as per PMYB & ALS													
