NUST Rice Finance	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Main
													
Is NUST Bank offering any seasonal financing for rice mills?													
NUST Rice Finance caters to meet seasonal financing needs of paddy procurement and other overhead expenses to rice mills, based on past performance and milling capacity to fulfil their seasonal financial needs. The scope of the product is to target ‘Rice Mills’ which fall under the category of SME. 													
For which purposes NUST Rice Finance is being offered?													
"Cash Finance (CF)
To meet working capital requirements of Rice Husking Mills for procurement of paddy as per milling capacity."						"Running Finance (RF)
To meet working capital requirements of Rice Husking Mills i.e. transportation, salary & wages, utility and other administrative expenses etc.(Procurement of Paddy through RF funds is restricted)"							
What are the Loan Limits of NUST Rice Finance?													
"ME: Upto Rs.200M (Maximum)
SE:   Upto Rs.25M (Maximum)"													
Is there any minimum age to avail financing in NUST Rice Finance?													
"Minimum 20 years (in case of sole proprietorship)
Maximum 65 years at the time of application.

* This criteria is not applicable if business concern is a partnership or limited company
*This age can be relaxed in case of effective succession planning is available."													
What is the maximum tenure of NUST Rice Finance?													
"Cash Finance
Max 270 Days or Clean-up corridors whichever is earlier"						"Running Finance
One Year"							
What is the current Mark-up rate of NUST Rice Finance?													
"Cash Finance
3 Months KIBOR + Up to 3.00% p.a"						"Running Finance
3 Months KIBOR + Up to  3.50% p.a"							
(reviewed/revised on quarterly basis)													
Any Account turnover requirement for NUST Rice Finance?													
Minimum 50% of applicant’s sales to be documented through account turnover with bank(s). 													
What are the processing charges for NUST Rice Finance Application?													
Processing fee will be charged @ 0.15% of total limit(s) processed/approved or Rs. 25,000/- whichever is higher													
What are the service/documentation/legal charges in NUST Rice Finance?													
At actual													
What are the insurance charges?													
At actual													
