Unnamed: 0	PakWatan Remittance Account 	Unnamed: 2	Main
			
	Is there any account NUST Bank is offering for remittance purposes ?		
	"Yes PakWatan Remittance Account. 
Through the PakWatan Remittance Account, beneficiaries can quickly and securely receive remittances from their loved one living abroad directly into their bank account without visiting the branch."		
	What are initial/minimum balance requirements for PakWatan Remittance Account?		
	No initial deposit requirement		
	No minimum balance requirement		
	Are Local Credits allowed in PakWatan Remittance Account?		
	Local credits are also allowed in PakWatan Remittance Account		
	What are the free services associated with PakWatan Remittance account?		
	Free services include:		
	o   First Cheque Book of 25 Leaves*		
	o   NUST Visa Debit Card Issuance* (annual and replacement fee would apply)		
	o   Bankers Cheque Issuance		
	o  Inter Branch Online Cash Withdrawal/ Deposit (Online)		
	o  Internal Fund Transfer within NUST via branch (Online Transfer)		
	o   Internet Banking		
	o   SMS on digital transactions		
	o   E-statements		
	* For Current Account only		
	Are there any other benefits to opening a PakWatan Remittance Account? 		
	o  WHT exemption on cash withdrawal on home remittances received from abroad		
	o  Customer may also be eligible for Personal Finance, Credit Cards and Auto Finance after six months of maintaining PakWatan Remittance Account, subject to eligibility criteria of the bank		
	Is there any Insurance Coverage for this account?		
	o   ATM Cash Withdrawal Insurance coverage up to daily cash withdrawal limit of the debit card from NUST Bank ATMs		
	o   24 hours world-wide “Accidental Death & Permanent Disability” insurance coverage to Debit Card holders. Rs. 500,000/- and Rs. 700,000/- for Classic and Gold Debit Cards respectively		
	o   24 hours world-wide “Accidental Death & Permanent Disability” insurance coverage. The sum insured per account holder shall be equivalent to four times of the average balance completed in the last six months – maximum up to Rs. 2.5 million		
	What is the profit rate offered on this account and when is credited?	Profit Rate	
	Profit payment on monthly basis based on monthly average balance	Monthly	0.19
	All bank charges are applicable as per prevailing Schedule of Charges		
			
	Zakat and taxes are applicable as per law		
