Roshan Digital Account 	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Main
													
Does NUST Bank offer Any account for Non-Resident Pakistanis (NRPs)?													
Yes Roshan Digital Account. Specially Designed for Individual Non-Resident Pakistanis (NRPs) seeking to undertake banking, payment and investment activities in Pakistan.													
Is there any minimum balance requirement of Roshan Digital Account?													
No initial deposit requirement													
No minimum balance requirement													
What are the main features of the Roshan Digital Account?													
Offered in PKR and USD/GBP/EUR													
SMS Alerts on registered local and International numbers 													
Bill Payments & Funds Transfer within Pakistan via Local ATMs & Internet Banking													
Investment in Naya Pakistan Certificates, Real Estate, NUST Term Deposits Receipts and Stock Market													
Note: Local Deposits are not allowed in RDA													
What are the free facilities ?													
Free First Issuance of Debit Card- Annual charges as per prevailing SOC													
Free I-Net banking 													
Free E-statements													
How to apply for Roshan Digital Account ?													
"Customer can visit NUST Bank’s website and click on ""Apply for Roshan Digital Account"" to open NUST Roshan Digital Account. ◦ "													
Customer would complete the Account Opening Form and submit the required documents.													
Customer request to open Roshan Digital Account will be processed in 48 working hours. 													
In case of any discrepancy or requirement of additional information, the bank will contact the customer accordingly as per provided contact details. 													
What is the NUST Bank Web Portal Link for RDA?													
 https://secureportal.NUSTbank.com/rda/													
Who can open a Roshan Digital Account?													
NRPs													
OPF Members													
Foreign Nationals having Pakistan Origin Card (POC)													
Pakistani Nationals having declared Assets abroad													
Govt. Employees & Officials posted abroad 													
											Profit Payment 		Profit Rate 
All bank charges are applicable as per prevailing Schedule of Charges											Monthly		0.19
Zakat and WHT taxes on profit are not applicable on RDA account 													
