NUST Sahar Finance	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Main
													
Is NUST Bank offering any financing specifically for women owned small and medium enterprises?													
"The Product ""NUST Sahar Finance"" is based on Refinance and Credit Guarantee Scheme for Women Entrepreneurs objective of this product is to provide financing facilities to women owned enterprises to meet credit needs of their businesses."													
What are the purposes for which NUST Sahar Finance can be availed?													
"i. Expansion of existing business
ii. Set up of new business
iii.Purchase of stocks/ Working Capital Requirement etc "													
What is the applicant legal structure of business in order to avail NUST Sahar Finance?													
"Sole Proprietor, Partnership Firm, Private Limited Company, Single Member Company (SMC), Business Individuals (Women Owned)

*In Partnership firm/ Private Limited Company, having 02 partners or directors, minimum 51% shareholder/ CEO should be a a femle who should also be the applicant. If there are more than 02 partners or directors, major share holder should be women , who should also be CEO and applicant"													
What is the nature of finance in NUST Sahar Finance?													
"i. Long Term Finance
ii. Short Term Finance/Working Capital"													
What is the maximum tenure of NUST Sahar Finance?													
"Short Term Finance/Working Capital
Maximum 3 years with no grace period"						"Long Term Finance
Maximum 5 years (inclusive of grace period up to 6 months)
*Markup will be recovered during grace period"							
Is there any age criteria to avail NUST Sahar Finance?													
"New Business
Between 20-50 years at the time of application"						"Existing Business
Between 20-55 years at the time of application "							
What are the Loan Limits of NUST Sahar Finance?													
"New Business
Maximum Loan Rs: 3.00 Million "						"Existing Business
Maximum Loan Rs: 5.00 Million "							
What is the current Mark-up rate of NUST Sahar Finance?													
"Mark-up Rate of @5% p.a.
*Markup at 12M Kibor + 4% Per Annum to be charged till refinance claim reimbursed by SBP."													
Can applicant avail clean loan in NUST Sahar Finance?													
Max Rs: 0.70 million can be availed against personal and third party guarantee													
Does the bank require any Equity for this scheme?													
"New Business
20% equity. "						"Existing Business
No equity, the existing investment in business will be considered as equity"							
Is there any minimum business age requirement?													
"Existing Business Should be women owned enterprises with Minimum 01 year of business registration
New Business: Nil"													
What are the processing charges for NUST Sahar Finance Application?													
Up to Rs. 0.70 						Rs: 2000/- (Non refundable)							
Above Rs. 0.70 and upto Rs. 5 Million						Rs: 3000/- (Non refundable)							
Are there any late payment charges?													
"Rs. 1,000/- per installment
*In case of delay of installment, commercial rate will be charged on the outstanding principal amount."													
What are the service/documentation/legal charges in NUST Sahar Finance?													
At actual													
What are the insurance charges?													
At actual													
